Add doc for fusionauth-app.local-metrics.enabled (#2244)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/reference/configuration.adoc

+
* `FUSIONAUTH_KICKSTART`

[field]#fusionauth-app.local-metrics.enabled# [type]#[Boolean]# [default]#defaults to `false`# [since]#Available since 1.46.0#::

> Set to `true` to allow unauthenticated access to `/api/prometheus/metrics` and `/api/status` from `localhost`. This can be used to to allow the scraping of health and metrics data from local collecter agents without the need to provision an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `true` to allow unauthenticated access to `/api/prometheus/metrics` and `/api/status` from `localhost`. This can be used to allow the scraping of health and metrics data by local collector agents without the need to provide an API key.
```
